Plugins: add configure method (#225)
Soluto/stitch: docs/plugins.md

## API Reference

### configure

> Optional method that's called on plugin initialization. Can receive some configuration from the Stitch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional method that's called on plugin initialization. Stitch will send it the configuration relevant for this plugin, based on the values defined in the `PLUGINS_CONFIGURATION` environment variable.

For example, with this env var value:
`PLUGINS_CONFIGURATION={ "awesome-plugin.js": { "arg1": "val1" } }`

The `options` param for the `configure` function will be `{ arg: 'val1' }`
```
